2.6-2 Better handling of NAs in svyby
 
      Subsetting didn't work right for single-observation subsets.

      svyglm and svycoxph had scoping problems when run inside a function
 
      svyglm and svycoxph now accept weights (to be multiplied by 
      the sampling weights)

      With R 2.0.0 less copying will occur.

2.6-1 Totals for factors give cell totals.

2.6   Design effects were broken for multiple means computed at once.
      
      Add coefficient of variation for mean, total, ratio,...

      variables= argument of svydesign works with missing data (Tobias Verbeke)

      Fix reference to Binder (1991) (Tobias Verbeke)

      Means for factors now give cell means.

      coef and vcov methods for svystat and svrepstat.

      Another tiny example dataset from the VPLX manual
      
      svrepvar was incorrect for multiple variables simultaneously

      Better error messages for missing data in svrVar.

2.5   Wald tests for association in contingency tables.

      svyplot() for weighted graphics (some of these require "hexbin")

      Examples for rake(), postStratify()

      svyby() works for svrepdesign analyses as well
      added subset.svyrep.design()

      svrepvar() added

      Design effects for means and totals. (Gillian Raab)

2.4   Make regTermTest work with svycoxph()
      Clearer output for print.svycoxph() (Daniella Gollinelli)

      Rao-Scott adjusted tests for contingency tables.

      svyby() for tables of means, medians, etc

2.3-2 Fix for svyquantile confidence intervals.

2.3-1 clearer warnings in svrVar when some replicates give NA . (Gillian Raab)

2.3   svyquantile has confidence intervals, added svrepquantile.

2.2-1 as.svrepdesign didn't pass options to brrweights (Fred Rohde)

2.2   published in Journal of Statistical Software  
      - If population size is specified, but not weights or probabilities, 
      work out the probabilities from the population size
      - Clearer error message when some design information is NA (Tobias Verbeke)
      - better update() methods

2.0  Just a numbering change.

1.9-3  Fix svytotal variance estimate
       as.svrepdesign wasn't handling unstratified cluster samples right.
       Check for fpc in multistage samples, which we don't handle.
       add print method for basic survey statistics
       add rake()
       California API data.

1.9-2	Added post-stratification of replicate-weights

1.9-1   Bugfix: jknweights was requiring finite population correction.

1.9 	- "certainty" option for single-PSU strata
        - Replication weight analyses (alpha version)

1.4	- I think all the possible permutations of arguments 
	in svydesign now work.
	- The examples in svyglm incorrectly had a data= argument.	

1.3	svydesign wasn't allowing weights to be a vector.

1.2  	- svydesign(nest=TRUE) now uses less memory
	- added regTermTest for testing regression terms.	

1.1   	Added subset, update methods.  Variance estimation is now correct for
 	subpopulations produced with select or subscripting.

1.0	No changes
	
0.9-5   - finite population correction should be done with PSUs not 
	  individuals
	- added Cox models

0.9-4	- svyCprod was computing n/(n-1) using number of observations, 
          not number of PSUs, and was averaging observations rather than 
 	  PSU means to compute stratum means. 
	- Bug in handling multiple levels of cluster id in svydesign

0.9-3:   Finite population correction.
 	 Adjustments for stratum with single PSU (Fred Rohde)
	 Fixed svydesign(nest=TRUE) to work with strata

0.9-1:	First release.

